---
title: FAQ
layout: margins
---

## Frequently asked questions

#### What about the pandemic?

We are currently carefully monitoring the situation around the
COVID-19 pandemic. At the moment, it is hard to predict what the
situation will be once the school is scheduled to start. We currently
still intend to run the school -- but this may still change over the
coming weeks. The Summer School does allow you to cancel your
registration at any time and receive a full refund.

#### Do I need to be enrolled at a university to attend?

No! The course is open to all participants. We can offer students or
staff members of university's a discount. If you need to answer any
questions about your degree during registration, please do so to the
best of your ability, but you are very welcome to attend the summer
school, regardless of your current status.

#### Do I need to upload a 'proof of university affiliation'?

No -- only if you want to receive the discount described
above. 

#### What is the course code?

During registration, you may need to enter the course code: *H09*.

#### What level of Haskell knowledge do you expect?

You should be comfortable reading simple Haskell function definitions
of functions -- such as map and filter -- and understand the basics of
pattern matching and algebraic data types. There are many good
resources available introducing these basics -- feel free to contact
the lecturers if you're unsure about your prerequisites.

#### What can you tell me about the accommodation?

All accommodation is handled by the general Summer School
administration. You can read more about accommodation and practical
matters on [their website](https://www.utrechtsummerschool.nl/).

#### Are there scholarships available if I cannot afford attendance?

If you're struggling to finance your trip to Utrecht, please let us
know by emailing Wouter Swierstra (w.s.swierstra {at} uu.nl). We have
a limited number of scholarships or discounts available for students
that would not be able to attend otherwise, especially for women and
under represented minorities.
